Add 'DISABLED_' key convention (#2)
box-id/config_helpers: README.md

  auto_reconnect: get_env("MQTT_RECONNECT", false)
```

> ### Optional Environment Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disabling Individual Environment Keys
```

In production, services are often intentionally configured to fail when required environment variables are missing. This ensures that critical features are not silently disabled due to a misconfiguration. However, when running the same production build in other environments (e.g. test/local development), it is often necessary to start the service without production-only keys.

To support this, version `1.1.0` introduced a convention: setting the `DISABLED_<original_key>` environment variable. If set to a truthy value, it will:

- Instruct the `get_env` to treat the corresponding `<original_key>` as **disabled**, even if it is present.
- Override the `<original_key>`'s value to `nil`.

> - Prevent startup failures due to missing or misconfigured `<original_key>`s.

Reviewer: I would slightly reword this:

```suggestion
- Prevent startup failures due to missing `<original_key>`.
- Override the `<original_key>`'s value to `nil`, instructing the application to not execute the relevant behavior (including checking validity of the configured value)
```
